Look like services IM,
and then click users.
You see that we have our user created. I'll click it now.
Now, we have a lot of options.
We have groups, tax,
security credentials, and access adviser.
We're going to click on security credentials.
Here you'll see we have the access key that we just created,
is there and and it says active,
we can make it inactive. This is great.
When you think that you have lost your key for whatever reason,
you can make it inactive instead of deleting it,
or basically this is another option if you have
a CI/CD Pipeline or something that's
automated and you want it not to work for whatever reason.
You just come here and make it inactive.
When that thing runs,
it's going to error out because you disabled the access.
So there are times when you actually need to disable the access and not just delete it.
As you can see, I have the option here to create an access key.
You just click on it and it works right away.
Now, we have two keys.
However, I don't want that.
So I'm going to go ahead and just click Delete.
So there's that. Since we're messing with this,
let's make sure our key still works.
So, we type the same command,
I always type it by habit to make sure everything is working and everything is fine.
So we have our tool tested,
we have visual studio code, we have our keys,
so we're basically fully set up now to start testing.